What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	You create a hidden file that will track commits for that repository.  You need to do this in order to start tracking changes to your files.
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	The staging area is where things area held before they are committed to the repository.  It allows you to build up a group of changes before you commit them to the repository log.
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	The staging area allows you to double check what you are going to commit to the repository before it is actually added.  This will allow you to add and remove the files you want to commit with a specific message.
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	When you want to try something new without touching your original code, that is a good time to branch out.  You history would be organized as any new bugs you introduce will not affect your finished product and you can address them on the side.  Branches help remove the fear of introducing new features and breaking your code.
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	They help you see what is reachable and what is not depending on where in the structure you are currently at.
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	When you merge two branches together, the past commits all become part of the log of the new head.  You can go back in time along the two branches by timestamp, which is why the diagram is drawn the way it is.
What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	The pros are that you don't have to go in and manually insert and remove lines for the most part.  The cons are that there are times when you are presented with a conflict that could be easily resolved with human eyes.